# SHA1:79c5d889018f6abe0b4562971fd3f139a7a07dc4
#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile-multi
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile-multi
#
-e file:.
    # via -r requirements/base.in
alembic==1.12.1
    # via flask-migrate
amqp==5.2.0
    # via kombu
apispec[yaml]==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   flask-appbuilder
attrs==23.1.0
    # via jsonschema
authlib==0.15.5
    # via -r requirements/base.in
babel==2.13.1
    # via flask-babel
backoff==2.2.1
    # via apache-superset
bcrypt==4.1.1
    # via paramiko
billiard==3.6.4.0
    # via celery
bleach==3.3.1
    # via apache-superset
brotli==1.1.0
    # via
    #   flask-compress
    #   fonttools
cachelib==0.4.1
    # via apache-superset
cachetools==5.3.2
    # via google-auth
celery==5.2.2
    # via
    #   apache-superset
    #   flower
certifi==2023.11.17
    # via
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
    #   weasyprint
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   apache-superset
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   flask
    #   flask-appbuilder
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via celery
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   apache-superset
    #   flask-appbuilder
convertdate==2.4.0
    # via holidays
cron-descriptor==1.4.0
    # via apache-superset
croniter==2.0.1
    # via apache-superset
cryptography==39.0.2
    # via
    #   apache-superset
    #   authlib
    #   paramiko
    #   social-auth-core
cssselect2==0.7.0
    # via weasyprint
db-dtypes==1.1.1
    # via pandas-gbq
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
deprecated==1.2.14
    # via limits
deprecation==2.1.0
    # via apache-superset
dnspython==2.4.2
    # via email-validator
elasticsearch==7.13.4
    # via elasticsearch-dbapi
elasticsearch-dbapi==0.2.10
    # via apache-superset
email-validator==1.3.1
    # via flask-appbuilder
flask==2.1.3
    # via
    #   apache-superset
    #   flask-appbuilder
    #   flask-babel
    #   flask-caching
    #   flask-compress
    #   flask-jwt-extended
    #   flask-limiter
    #   flask-login
    #   flask-migrate
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   flask-wtf
    #   prometheus-flask-exporter
flask-appbuilder==4.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   apache-superset
flask-babel==2.0.0
    # via flask-appbuilder
flask-caching==1.10.1
    # via apache-superset
flask-compress==1.14
    # via apache-superset
flask-jwt-extended==4.5.3
    # via flask-appbuilder
flask-limiter==3.5.0
    # via flask-appbuilder
flask-login==0.6.0
    # via
    #   apache-superset
    #   flask-appbuilder
flask-migrate==3.1.0
    # via apache-superset
flask-sqlalchemy==2.5.1
    # via
    #   flask-appbuilder
    #   flask-migrate
flask-talisman==1.1.0
    # via apache-superset
flask-wtf==1.0.1
    # via
    #   apache-superset
    #   flask-appbuilder
flower==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
fonttools[woff]==4.45.1
    # via weasyprint
func-timeout==4.3.5
    # via apache-superset
future==0.18.3
    # via sqlalchemy-bigquery
geographiclib==2.0
    # via geopy
geopy==2.4.1
    # via apache-superset
google-api-core[grpc]==2.14.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-bigquery-storage
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   pandas-gbq
    #   sqlalchemy-bigquery
google-auth==2.24.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   pandas-gbq
    #   pydata-google-auth
    #   sqlalchemy-bigquery
google-auth-oauthlib==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   pandas-gbq
    #   pydata-google-auth
google-cloud-bigquery==3.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   apache-superset
    #   pandas-gbq
    #   sqlalchemy-bigquery
google-cloud-bigquery-storage==2.16.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   pandas-gbq
    #   sqlalchemy-bigquery
google-cloud-core==2.3.3
    # via google-cloud-bigquery
google-crc32c==1.5.0
    # via google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.6.0
    # via google-cloud-bigquery
googleapis-common-protos==1.61.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
graphlib-backport==1.0.3
    # via apache-superset
greenlet==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   sqlalchemy
grpcio==1.59.3
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.59.3
    # via google-api-core
gunicorn==21.2.0
    # via apache-superset
hashids==1.3.1
    # via apache-superset
hijri-converter==2.3.1
    # via holidays
holidays==0.17.2
    # via apache-superset
html5lib==1.1
    # via weasyprint
humanize==4.9.0
    # via
    #   apache-superset
    #   flower
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   email-validator
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==6.8.0
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   flask
    #   markdown
importlib-resources==6.1.1
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   limits
isodate==0.6.1
    # via apache-superset
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via
    #   flask
    #   flask-wtf
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   flask
    #   flask-babel
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   flask-appbuilder
kombu==5.2.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   celery
korean-lunar-calendar==0.3.1
    # via holidays
limits==3.7.0
    # via flask-limiter
mako==1.3.0
    # via alembic
markdown==3.5.1
    # via apache-superset
markdown-it-py==2.2.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   werkzeug
    #   wtforms
marshmallow==3.13.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   flask-appbuilder
    #   marshmallow-enum
    #   marshmallow-sqlalchemy
marshmallow-enum==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   flask-appbuilder
marshmallow-sqlalchemy==0.23.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   flask-appbuilder
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
msgpack==1.0.7
    # via apache-superset
numpy==1.23.5
    # via
    #   apache-superset
    #   db-dtypes
    #   pandas
    #   pandas-gbq
    #   pyarrow
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
ordered-set==4.1.0
    # via flask-limiter
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   bleach
    #   db-dtypes
    #   deprecation
    #   elasticsearch-dbapi
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   gunicorn
    #   limits
    #   sqlalchemy-bigquery
    #   sqlalchemy-redshift
pandas==1.5.3
    # via
    #   apache-superset
    #   db-dtypes
    #   pandas-gbq
pandas-gbq==0.19.2
    # via apache-superset
paramiko==3.3.1
    # via sshtunnel
parsedatetime==2.6
    # via apache-superset
pgsanity==0.2.9
    # via apache-superset
pillow==9.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   weasyprint
polyline==2.0.1
    # via apache-superset
prison==0.2.1
    # via flask-appbuilder
prometheus-client==0.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   flower
    #   prometheus-flask-exporter
prometheus-flask-exporter==0.22.4
    # via -r requirements/base.in
prompt-toolkit==3.0.41
    # via click-repl
proto-plus==1.22.3
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-bigquery-storage
protobuf==4.25.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-bigquery-storage
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
psycopg2==2.9.9
    # via -r requirements/base.in
pyarrow==10.0.1
    # via
    #   apache-superset
    #   db-dtypes
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   pandas-gbq
    #   sqlalchemy-bigquery
pyasn1==0.5.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.3.0
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydata-google-auth==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   pandas-gbq
pydyf==0.8.0
    # via weasyprint
pygments==2.17.2
    # via rich
pyjwt==2.8.0
    # via
    #   apache-superset
    #   flask-appbuilder
    #   flask-jwt-extended
    #   social-auth-core
pymeeus==0.5.12
    # via convertdate
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via paramiko
pyparsing==3.1.1
    # via
    #   apache-superset
    #   packaging
pyphen==0.14.0
    # via weasyprint
pyrsistent==0.20.0
    # via jsonschema
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via urllib3
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   apache-superset
    #   croniter
    #   flask-appbuilder
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   holidays
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.0.0
    # via apache-superset
python-geohash==0.8.5
    # via apache-superset
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via social-auth-core
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via
    #   babel
    #   celery
    #   croniter
    #   flask-babel
    #   flower
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   apache-superset
    #   apispec
redis==3.5.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   apache-superset
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
rich==13.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   flask-limiter
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
selenium==3.141.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   apache-superset
simplejson==3.19.2
    # via apache-superset
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   html5lib
    #   isodate
    #   jsonschema
    #   prison
    #   python-dateutil
    #   wtforms-json
slack-sdk==3.26.0
    # via apache-superset
social-auth-core==4.5.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
sqlalchemy==1.4.36
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   alembic
    #   apache-superset
    #   elasticsearch-dbapi
    #   flask-appbuilder
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   marshmallow-sqlalchemy
    #   sqlalchemy-bigquery
    #   sqlalchemy-redshift
    #   sqlalchemy-utils
sqlalchemy-bigquery==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   apache-superset
sqlalchemy-redshift==0.8.14
    # via -r requirements/base.in
sqlalchemy-utils==0.38.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   apache-superset
    #   flask-appbuilder
sqlparse==0.4.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   apache-superset
sshtunnel==0.4.0
    # via apache-superset
tabulate==0.8.9
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   apache-superset
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via
    #   cssselect2
    #   weasyprint
tornado==6.4
    # via flower
typing-extensions==4.8.0
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   apache-superset
    #   flask-limiter
    #   limits
    #   rich
urllib3[socks]==1.26.18
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
    #   selenium
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.2.12
    # via prompt-toolkit
weasyprint==59.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   cssselect2
    #   html5lib
    #   tinycss2
werkzeug==2.3.8
    # via
    #   flask
    #   flask-jwt-extended
    #   flask-login
wrapt==1.12.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   deprecated
wtforms==2.3.3
    # via
    #   apache-superset
    #   flask-appbuilder
    #   flask-wtf
    #   wtforms-json
wtforms-json==0.3.5
    # via apache-superset
xlsxwriter==3.0.9
    # via apache-superset
zipp==3.17.0
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources
zopfli==0.2.3
    # via fonttools

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
